Improve data structures page (#56)
RSE-Sheffield/pando-python: episodes/optimisation-data-structures-algorithms.md

### Hashing Data Structures

Python's dictionaries are implemented as hashing data structures.
Explaining how these work will get a bit technical, so let’s start with an analogy:

A Python list is like having a single long bookshelf. When you buy a new book (append a new element to the list), you place it at the far end of the shelf, right after all the previous books.

![A bookshelf corresponding to a Python list.](episodes/fig/bookshelf_list.jpg){alt="An image of a single long bookshelf, with a large number of books."}

A hashing data structure is more like a bookcase with several shelves, labeled by genre (sci-fi, romance, children’s books, non-fiction, …) and author surname. When you buy a new book by Jules Verne, you might place it on the shelf labeled “Sci-Fi, V–Z”.
And if you keep adding more books, at some point you’ll move to a larger bookcase with more shelves (and thus more fine-grained sorting), to make sure you don’t have too many books on a single shelf.

> ![A bookshelf corresponding to a Python dictionary.](episodes/fig/bookshelf_dict.jpg){alt="An image of two bookcases, labeled “Sci-Fi” and “Romance”. Each bookcase contains shelves labeled in alphatical order, with zero or few books on each shelf."}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A bookshelf corresponding to a Python dictionary.](episodes/fig/bookshelf_dict.jpg){alt="An image of two bookcases, labelled “Sci-Fi” and “Romance”. Each bookcase contains shelves labelled in alphabetical order, with zero or few books on each shelf."}
```

Given the nested quotes, these asymetrical ones should probably stay.

> Now, let’s say a friend wanted to borrow the book “'—All You Zombies—'” by Robert Heinlein.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's say a friend wanted to borrow the book "'—All You Zombies—'" by Robert Heinlein.
```
